gh-130942: Fix path seperator matched in character ranges for glob.translate (#130989)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-03-08-23-26-50.gh-issue-130942.jxRMK_.rst

> Glob.translate negative-lookaheads path separators regex ranges that ecompass path seperator. For ranges which include path separator literals, the range is escaped.

Reviewer: This requires a better indication. In addition, a `versionchanged:: next` should be added for both `glob.translate()` and `fnmatch.translate()`. Note that the meaning of `/` in `fnmatch.translate()` is different from `glob.translate()` because `/` is *not* special at all.

```suggestion
:func:`glob.translate` now correctly handles ranges implicitly containing path
separators (for instance, ``[0-%]`` contains ``/``). In addition, ranges including
path separator literals are now correctly escaped, as specified by POSIX specifications.
```

This suggestion is not perfect so we will likely come back later. However for the translate() functions need to be updated.
